Added feature flag guidance to Overview & FAQs pages (#4259)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/overview/feature-flags.mdx

---
title: Overview
description:
  Components are one of the key building blocks of the design system. Each
  component has been designed and coded to solve a specific UI problem.
tabs: ['Components', 'Accessibility status', 'Feature flags']
---

import { Launch } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import { Link } from '@carbon/react';

<PageDescription>

Feature flags enable new behaviors and styling, allowing users to opt-in to new
breaking changes while staying on the current major version.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Components with feature flags</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>How to implement</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

When a new feature flag is introduced, it is set to false or "off" by default to
ensure backward compatibility. We are not deprecating the current components but
encourage all teams to use the new feature flag-enabled components in their
products moving forward.

## Components with feature flags

The following components have feature flags, with changes related to either

> design or development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
design or development.
```

| Structured list | <Link href={"https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/structured-list/usage/#feature-flags"}>Usage tab</Link> | <Link href={"https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags-structuredlist--overview"} renderIcon={() => <Launch aria-label="Launch" />}>React</Link>           |
| Tile            | <Link href={"https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tile/usage/#feature-flags"}>Usage tab</Link>            | <Link href={"https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags-tile--overview"} renderIcon={() => <Launch aria-label="Launch" />}>React</Link>                     |
| Tree view       | No design change                                                                                               | <Link href={"https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags-treeview--overview"} renderIcon={() => <Launch aria-label="Launch" />}>React</Link>                 |

## How to implement

### Code

In React, for more feature flag information specific to developers, refer to the
[@carbon/react](https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags--overview)

> framework.

Reviewer 2: Same thing here, this link doesn't exists, need to figure out where to link to.

Author: Are we planning to delete the entire content that was under the Feature Flag's overview, or will it be relocated elsewhere?

Reviewer 2: Sounds like its actually a bug with the Storybook upgrade, that page should still exist.

Author: Oh, I see. Got it!

> [@carbon/react](https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags--overview)

Reviewer: This link needs to be updated once a dev gets the Overview page back up.

Author: Yes, I've added a "Do not merge" tag for now until the developer fixes the website and all the other feature flag pages are implemented.

### Design

Inside a design file, click on the component with a feature flag (A). In the
properties panel, locate the "**Feature flag**" boolean property (B). By

> default, this feature is turned off, but you can toggle it on to enable the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default, this feature is turned off, but can be toggled on to enable the
```

feature flag.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Feature flag implementation in Figma](images/feature-flag-implementation-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

> Additionally, when viewing more details in the "**Component documentation**" (C)

Reviewer: This section can be rewritten to something like this to make it more clear of how to navigate to this information. This was already in the Figma file, I just think it didn't get updated here: 

> Additionally, when clicking on the "**components details**" (C) in the properties panel, a description of what a feature flag is and a link to the components usage guidance is provided for more information in the "**Component documentation**" window (D).

Author: Oh okay, updated now. Thank you!

---
title: Overview
description:
  Components are one of the key building blocks of the design system. Each
  component has been designed and coded to solve a specific UI problem.
tabs: ['Components', 'Accessibility status', 'Feature flags']
---

import { Launch } from '@carbon/icons-react';
import { Link } from '@carbon/react';

<PageDescription>

Feature flags enable new behaviors and styling, allowing users to opt-in to new
breaking changes while staying on the current major version.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Components with feature flags</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>How to implement</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

When a new feature flag is introduced, it is set to false or "off" by default to
ensure backward compatibility. We are not deprecating the current components but
encourage all teams to use the new feature flag-enabled components in their
products moving forward.

## Components with feature flags

The following components have feature flags, with changes related to either
design or development.

> | Component                    | Design change                                                                    | Code change                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 3: Seeing this table live on the page, I kind of wish we went with the more [detailed table](https://www.figma.com/design/MDYwd15HhlWpnNZWhXYMKI/Feature-flag-implementation?node-id=875-68880&t=7Q8uLawLviGCK9xk-1) instead. I guess we can always discuss it more and update it later.

Author: I completely understand, and I also think discussing and updating it later makes sense, especially since this could evolve as other frameworks implement their feature flags as well.

| Structured list              | <Link href={"/components/structured-list/usage/#feature-flags"}>Usage tab</Link> | <Link href={"https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags-structuredlist--overview"} renderIcon={() => <Launch aria-label="Launch" />}>React</Link>           |
| Tile                         | <Link href={"/components/tile/usage/#feature-flags"}>Usage tab</Link>            | <Link href={"https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags-tile--overview"} renderIcon={() => <Launch aria-label="Launch" />}>React</Link>                     |
| Tree view                    | No design change                                                                 | <Link href={"https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags-treeview--overview"} renderIcon={() => <Launch aria-label="Launch" />}>React</Link>                 |

## How to implement

> ### Code

Author: It's a great idea! Plus, it helps prevent any confusion for users about where to find feature flag information across other frameworks.

In React, for more feature flag information specific to developers, refer to the
[@carbon/react](https://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-feature-flags--overview)
framework.

### Design

Inside a design file, click on the component with a feature flag (A). In the
properties panel, locate the "**Feature flag**" boolean property (B). By
default, this feature is turned off, but can be toggled on to enable the feature
flag.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Feature flag implementation in Figma](images/feature-flag-implementation-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

> Additionally, when clicking on the "**components details**" (C) in the
> properties panel, a description of what a feature flag is and a link to the
> components usage guidance is provided for more information in the "**Component
> documentation**" window (D).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, when clicking on the **components details** (C) in the
properties panel, a description of the feature flag, and a link to the
component's usage guidance is provided for more information in the **Component
documentation** window (D).
```
